---
layout: post
title:  "2014-04-25-new-2014-4-25"
date:   2014-04-25 21:40:15
categories: jekyll update
--- 
"dianziyuelanshi"

AFTER MY PHONE MOUNT-POINT OF THE KILI-USB WRITE(2014/4/24)

I CONTINUE WITH THE "DIANZIYUELANSHI"

AND WANT TO MAKE THE JEKYLL THING "DONE"

BUT I IMAGE OF "WU"'S 'HEHE' BREAK OF THE BATTERFLY THAT SYNC WITH MY STATUS OF "A GIRLS HEAD THAT NEED TO BE "FAN SHE WITH THE SOCIAL BEHAVIOUR

AND THAT MY PARENTS ARE SET ME TO THIS SITUATION

INTIGUE NEW:LAST NIGHT BEFORE I SLEEP,THE HUANG XING OR WEI,PLAYS A VIDEO OF "ZOU CHU XIAO YUAM"

THAT WEIRD ME OF THAT THEY ARE TRYING TO MAKE ME "LU MEI"

AND THAT I CAN TELL THE HUANG AND OTHER PEOPLE ARE JUST PL;AY THE SAME THING THAT THEY ARE SETTING ME HERE AND THERE THIS AND THAT

THAT I THINK CAN TELL NOW THAT THEY ARE PLAY A ROLE OF "ANTIHUMAN TO ME"

BUT I CAN'T HELP MY FEELING THIS TIME NOW

BECAUSE THAT I WANT TO???????????????????????????????????


JUST LIKE THE MOMENT WHEN I CAME IN FROM THE MORNING.

I ASK MY SELF---------WHY AM I LIKELY TO JYKYLL IT SUCCESSFULLY??????????

IT BECAUSE I WANT TO LEARN??????OR I JUST ENJOY THIS EMOTION,THAT I HAVE "POWER"

THE POWER OF GET EVERYTHING IN MY MIND??????????


NOW I FEEL MORE MAN-LIKE THIS TIME AND I DON'T NEED TO HIDE



IF THE HIDE OF ME IS THE PROBE THAT THEY JUST CONTROL?????????????IF I HIDE,THEY KNOW I WANT TO BE A "NV WANG".

ONLY IF I CONTINUE FUCKING


\
\
\
\
\
\
ZHANG YU FU HAS MET ME IN THE MORNING YESTERDAY AND SAYS "ZAO O SHUAI GE"


WHEN I FEEL IT WAS THE GUJIA'S YINMOULUN AND THEY HAVE SELL ME TO EVERY MOMENT OF I THINK


YESTERDAY I FELT IT WAS THE TIME GUJIA'S WRONG THE ISSUE OF THE SISHENGZI.

AND THEY ARE JUST AFRAID OF MY "MIJIAN" SUE.



JUST DON'T SHOW UP,ININT YOUR SELF.TO PROTECT MY SELF.TO GET RID OF THEIR CONTROL

\
\
\
\
\

I FEEL NO 


AND THIS MORNING A GIRL LOOKS LIKE "THE ONE I HATRED",show up and trigue my INITION.

and frankly when i do that thing again i feel frustrated in my plan but feel much more comfortable of the brain??????????????

\
\
\
\
\
\
what can i do testing what is wrong of me???????????


I remind of that when i came to wenjiang no.5 hospital check for my eye,chenhui and caoyi and that day of ya'an dizhen
the meaning of the canddle????????--pray for no big issue of body check???or not cutting down my head or my eyes???

but i remind of the "LIJIANG"'s "JUTOU" ,,,,,,"qian chuang bai kong de jiao.qian chuang bai kong de xin"



***********************************************************************************************************************************************
THAT I REMIND OF EVERYBODY OF PLAY A GOOD OR WHO I LOVE A LOT.MAYBE THEY ARE THE guy who i tend to sue,of "mijian" sue.
************************************************************************************************************************************************



AND that WHEN THIS FEELING COMES UP AGAIN.

I DID NOT PRETEND TO BE "BLACKEN" ANYMORE.

/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/

AND I TRIGGER OUT

AND I FEEL NO ANGER NOW,NO FEELING OF LOOK BACK IN ANGER.

AND THROUGH THIS WAY OF THINKING-THROUGH

THAT THE EVERYPEOPLE NEAR THE CAMPUS,MAYBE THE ONE WHO CONTROLED ME.

AND HAN' SONG AND EVERYONE OF WHICH I HAVE A COMMON SENSE



FROM THE BEHAVIOUR WHICH I COME TO BEIJING AND TRY TO FIND HANSONG BUT WHEN I MET HIM,I SUDDENLY TURN MY HEAD OUT TRY TO NOT BEEN SEEN????????????????????????????

AND WHAT IS IT???????????????????????????????




I REMEMBER IT WAS ZENGJIE WHO PHONE ME AFTER I CAME OUT OF THE HOSPITAL

BUT WHEN I CAME TO SCU,HE AVOID ME.

AND I FOUND ZHB TRY TO NOTICE HIM OF I WAS IN DANGER,BUT HE DID NOT RECOGNISE.

SO HE MAY BE THE GUY WHO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO ME,ESPECIALLY WHEN I WAS IN COMPUS




IT FEELS LIKE THAT WHEN I COME TO 
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
WHAT I WAS AFRAID OF NOW??

THE CHICKEN OF OUTSIDER'S IMAGE OF ME?????????AND THE DEFINED "ACHE" OF ME,BUT THE COMRADES HAVE NO CHANCE TO COMMUNICATE WITH ME.

THAT I AM AFRAID OF LOSE THE COMRADES IF I DO TAHT THING OUT OF CONTROL.AND THAT MY ISSUE OF ALL THIS

AND I AM ALSO AFRAID OF THE MEMEORY THING.

THAT I MAY RECYCLE AND RECYCLE.





A PSYCOLOGICAL SCENE OF ME:

1)WHEN I FEEL INTRIGUED OF EVERYTHING
2)



THESE DAYS WHEN I FEEL I CAN TACKEL ALL THINGS THERE ARE SOME INTERPRET,SOME DELAY OF MY SELF,AND I CAN'T TAKE MY OWN STEPS JUST IMAGIN SOME REVENGE PICTURE
*************************************************************************************************************************************************************

HOW TO TACKEL THE ACTION

THAT I ALWAYS TRY TO BEAT THE BITCHES


AND I HAVE TOLD THE PEOPLE THAT I WAS UNDER "MIJIAN"----------TO YU AND THE CAMPUS GUY

BUT NO RESPONSE

AND WHEN I TYPE THE "SHENSHI" THAT THEY HAVE RESPONSE ME

***************************************************************************************************************************************************************

\

*******************************************************************************************************************************************************************
IF NOT BEEN MEDICAL+SOCIAL BY EVERYONE WHO I LOVED BUT BECAUSE OF AN INTERRUPT OR SO CALLED INVESTIGATION IT BECAME "MIJIAN"

IF BEEN EARLYDAYSMEDICAL + SOCIL BY CHENHUA'S + THE ZIGONG'SICHUAN POLICE+XUANCHUANBU + "ACTING ART"  + "SF FICTIONS"'S UN-INTO-ABLE INVESTIGATION OF ME TO BUT SOME LIES OF "GU" JIA'S THAT ACTUALLY I WAS "SISHENGZI" THAT TURNED THE EVERYMEDICAL BEEN "MIJIAN" LIKE AND
THEY ARE AFRAID OF THIS,AND LET ME TO CHECK IF I WAS THE TRULLY "BORNED" AND PULL _______SOMETHING OUT
*********************************************************************************************************************************************************************



THIS DAY I FEEL LESS INTRIGUE BUT MUCH frustrated FEELING FOR THAT THING.

AND THE GU FAMAILY HAVE COME HERE.


WHAT SHOULD I DO?