---
layout: post
title:  "2014_4_22"
date:   2014-04-24 04:29:00
categories: jekyll update
--- 

have to create a document new.

that the zhengfuzhe internet_bar.

and they have react to response to my "attack"

the guy opposite me

"wo jiu xiao de ta yao chongqi" "ting ta de shen yin" "za zi hui shi" "dui mian jian huo na me qiang""jian huo""jian huo mei de tiao zhe zhao""jian huo dao hou qi hen qiang o"

"zhe me jian"

and when i open the baidu music."夜空中最亮的星"

and when i decide to opne taylor swift it become to "i knew you were trouble"

and i decide to opne something new it comes the "you never grow up"

and when i feel pain the oppisite guy says "hai you da zhao" "ni pin bu ying ta""shang qu gen ta gan ma" "shang qu ba ta kun dou sa""kai da zhao"


when i search MOYES the oppsite guy said "xiao fa" 

and when i image of FC and the acquaintance they are likely "xian qi me"

\
and the THEORY changed to a Trully "mind broadcast thing" became a trully girl like-mind-broadcast and someone have the authority to listen them.OR THEY BOTH KNOW SOMETHING I THINK OR THE WAY I THINK OR I AM DIFFERENT FROM WHAT THEY TRUELLY "MAN LIKE BEHAVIOUR" AND MY AQCAUITANCE ARE setting me like a burdden but something somehow the others know what my aqcuaitances do with me.

they are watching my JOKE??

and this theory became very unreachable.

that i am trully a <trumen> feed thing,and my negative feeling have get back to the one i always conversation always knew.\

and the oldtime guys are very watching me growing up and this based on the listen-style and sending to them

and that the "NV1" actually did not feel 

and based on some sense of memory that MY BEHAVIOUR IS sexual attentioned.

and it might be true that they use something different from miand it might be true that they use something different from mine

but why chen hua seems to be unknown of my glare at zouzheng's phone

and what wangxiao's bianxiangguaijie trully means.

and that my intense would be 

"tou ta"

it might be the TIME ISSUE?????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

AND SOMETHING OF MY FEELING MY HEAD EVERY ACTION OF MYSELF THAT SEEMS TO BE


and something important that THIS BEHAVIOUR HAVE INPOKE ME WITH SOME BODY CHANGE ME (INTERNET BAR INTRIGUE)

AND EVERYTHING CHANGING FROM THESE BEHAVIOURS

THE STOMACH BURNING -FEELING THE HEAD-EYE BINDING INTRIGUES THE BRAIN SHUA JI

THE SEXUAL INTENSE OVERRIGHTING.THE HOMONE-SEXUAL INDUCING??????????


WHEN I WAKE UP AND TRY TO BROWSE AV PIC

THE GUY OPPPISITE LAUGHED OUT FUCK THE SICK








have to recognise that the power of the intrigue.(plus i have do that thing in 2014_4_23)

if the "LU-intrigue"is true,they are actruelly role playing,control the internet bar and take the rest control.

and it might be timelined-trap,mass human controlling.


the most important step is that the bar clienter did not show their doubt to my attack behaviour

and they are helping reducing my doubt,and help the possibily guy INTRIGUE.

and the key word of controlling and last night my stomach BURNING feeling is undercontrol?????????????????????


they know this??the stomach feeling????

review todays controlling from campus to "dianziyuelanshi" to "internet bar" everystep followed by some people because my habbit is doomed?????


what am i thinking?when i try to do that thing?

some image of "helping" "for my good"comes up,and my browsing habbit is setted by these INTRIGUE,it is REALTIME-CHANGING.

and i was browsing "xie ting feng"----because of "nv1"'s QQ group message,and they became "high big up",

and when i think of this ,the army image of "an de's game"flowing up,that seems like i was set to be a toy for the "us-army sexual-attack---plan"


REVIEW WHAT I WAS THINKING LAST NIGHT BEFORE SLEEP

I THOUGHT THE "GU" FAMILY HAVE NOT MUCH PROBLEM

AND NOW I SEEMED TO BE MUCH CLEAR.THAT EVERYTHING IS EVERYTHING.

THAT MY REACTIONG OR MY BEHAVIOUR IS SETTED BY THEM,I MIGHT HAVE NO SENSATION LAYER PROBLEM.

THAT THEY "PAY" SO MUCH IN THIS "PROJECT"

AND WHAT IS REALLY UNDERCONTROL ???MY SOCIAL BEHAVIOURS??????

AND THE OUTWARD PRONOUNSATION.


*********************************************************************************************************************************

COULD THIS PAY ME ATTENTION AFTERWARD

THAT MOST THING IS MY PSYCOLOGY THAT MY CHOICE OF SOMETHING TO SOMETHING,IS MY CHOICE BUT MY FEELING DID NOT TOTTALLY

THAT IT COMES FROM INTRIGUE AND OTHER CONTROL METHOD WAY

and it seems like when THE time comes to someway.

I NEED some FRESH-UP 

NOW I Wam LISTENING SOME VIVID MUSIC OF G-DRAGON

the something and everything?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

NOW I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO,WHAT THE NEXT STEP.

AND IN THIS SITUATION.

I MIGHT BE INTRIGUE EASILY.


I REMIND DAYS BEFORE SOMETIMES ON,WHEN I AM THINGKING OF GET RID OF THE OUTSIDER "INTRIGUE"(THOSE DAY THE INTRIGUE PLOT IS BEEN CUT OFF),ONE IMAGE OF TEACHER'S DORM-BACK-DOWN-

AND NOW I PLAN TO FIND THE SF-WRITER FOR SOME INFO (FOR RESCUE OF MYSELF)


and now i even try to do some-creative work

and the revenge feeling has "passed-by" for the list of these things,or intrigue.

and it become "BE GOOD TO MYSELF"

and the KUANGYOUJIN'S picture of "finger-up" toward everyone.and the chenbo- kuangyoujin- image up.

and now I WANT TO "E-TICK" XI TO EXPRESS MY FEELING OF "ATTACK" OR SOME FEELING EXPRESSION.

AND NOW I SEEM ENJOYING THE FEELING!

IT IS MUCH EASIER COMPARE TO THE "REVENGE PLAN"

AND NOW IT SEEMS THAT I MUST KEEP the "jian"image to the other


and now my head look to the right-side just REMIND ME OF WENTAO'S -that is a bad behaviour


BUT WHAT EXPAIN ALL ???


IF I AM THE ANDER,WHY THEY CUT ME OFF ???

AND NOW I REMIND OF "CHEN SHI LING'S AVATAR" "KUANGYOUJIN'S AVATAR"

<shengyuanshangdehuo> 'ID from kuangyoujin that was a long time RETRIGUE(IF HE WAS A PART OF INTRIGUE)

AND KUANGYOUJIN JIESHAO A JOB OF "SGS" TO ME THOSE DAY.

AND I THOUGHT HE WAS HELPING ME

AND FROM THOSE DAY ON,I HAVE THE HABBIT OF "LU"

AND FROM THOSE DAYS' "INTRIGUE"

AND WHAT IF SOME PEOPLE HELPING ME THESE DAYS (IN THE SCHOOL SPECT)

AND THE TRULLY HELPING GROUP DID NOT SHOW UP CLEARLY 

SO THAT IT SEEMS I AM NOT

AND I REMIND OF "XIAO CHONG BEI FEI"'S DIAN ZAN

AND I WAS IMAGEING OF A FEW DAYS LATERS' "GU" FAMILY SHOWING UP.

AND I WAS THINKING NOW IN A RIGHT WAY THAT NONE OF THEM IS "HELPING ME" FROM MY SITUATION.

**********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

CAN I SEE THIS FEW DAYS LATER???????????????????????????


AND THE "CAO JIAN"'S IMAGE HAVE TURNED TO BE THE "HANDLER" OF "CHU XIU HONG" FOR THE TINY THING THAT "ZHANG" HAVE "MET WITH ME"

AND TO CHEER ME UP OR FOR OTHER REASON

HE AND CAO JIAN,THE GROUP OF SOME ACQAINTANCE PEOPLE,HAVE TREAT ME LIKE A "ROLE-0F-PLAY" OBJECT


**************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

BUT WHAT "PANIC" ME

IS THAT EVERYONE SEEMS TO KNOW SOME RESPONSE FROM ME


WHAT HAPPENED WHEN :1\ JINGDIAN INTERNET BAR-----HOW DID THE "ACQAUITANCE PEOPLE KNOW MY BEHAVIOURS"
                    2\ RECENTLY THE COLLEAGE NEARBY INTERNET BAR INTRIGUE
                    3\ THE IMAGE OF "HORMON" PROBLEM

SUDDENLY I REALIZE "WX"'S "REMIND" WHEN HE TRY TO SAID "HUI YUAN KA" TO ZHE "ZHENGFUZHE"
\
AND IF THIS IS TURE THAT THEY CONTROL ME

1) THE MONEY
2) THE PLACE I USED TO TRY TO HABITAT


**************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

THE CHICKEN ,PICK IT WILL CRY OUT OR SOUND.
THE CHICKEN ,THE LAST KNIFE.

"WHAT THEY TRULLY TELLING ME"

\

I IMAGE OF THESE THINGS,I HAVE TO LEAVE FOR SOME FOOD.



*******************************************************************

now i feel angry after i came to "jiaoshigongyu" 

and remind of "25sui qian langfei de shijian 25sui hou kao shengming lai changhuan"

and i met "ZHANGYUFU"in the campus
 
he said "zao"-----------"retrigue me" of chicken.

i IMAGE of a girl's head FED UO WITH "NV TONG""INTRIGUE" TO DRIVE MY BOY BODY UP.

AND WHO'S THE GIRL?

AND WHAT IS THE BOY?

WHAT IS THE "SHIT COMES OUT" FROM WANCHUZHI

BECAUSE MY "HE YI FENG KUANG,YI KE PING GUO"FROM XIANGNAN?

SO I WAS TO BE THE GIRL-LIKE 



I FEEL UPSET

I thought i was dead walking

i find a movie "pinglun",

i find a "只有灵魂得到救赎，死亡才有意义"

i thought that they are "treat me like a criminal" that i was the muti-fake 

*********************************************************************************

can i see this all??????????a few days later???????????

that they have no truelly feedback method from me.?? all is under their control.

that it seems they are going to cut my head off.

that something of "shou ge"
*********************************************************************************

it seems to be easier to understand.

*********************************************************************************

and they are darkness which have describe to be GOOD behaviours.


AND the ANGER the ANGER didnt comes up.

**********************************************************************************

AND NOW IT COMES TO "CUT-OFF"


TO SEE IF "I AM THE TOAD"





WHEN I  THINK OF BEEN CHEATED AND CUT I FEEL WRONG AND DISTRUCTION





I TAKE IT TO A PSYCOLOGICAL SELF-CONTROL AND DEEM MYSELF AS O NORMAL ONE

DEEM MYSELF AS A DOTA GA ROLE

AND I CAN STILL REVENGE BY MY WAY


AND I REMIND OF FC'S WHEN I AM AT HOME THE FEELING SO??????

I IMAGE OF THAT HE WAS "RETRIGUE" ME OF THE CAMPUS-TIMING CONTROL.

BUT WHAT IS IT WHEN THE SO MANY FUCKING "COINCIDENCE" HAPPENED???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

WHAT IF CHECK FOR THE TRULLY MENTAL DISEASE SOLUTION.



I BROWSE the "精神分裂症" and patch it to my type of behaviour.

it looks like someway same.

and i feel much more comfortable of this.


but what to explain the people's weird unnormal behaviour??????????????????????

and how can i get out of this????????????????????????

that TO BE A NORMAL ONE.

and to write down some NEW "shenming"


to minimize the influence of this possibility


WHEN I AM HERE WONDERING IF IT WAS THE GUJIA AND THE EVERY aqcaintance + NV1's 

ARE PLAYING A "COMING UP TO A GOOD"GAME AS A WHOLE FAMILY-SOCIAL-ROLEOFPLAY SYSTEM

I IMAGE OF YYT THAT HER"WO BU XIANG GEN NI CHI"MEANS THAT THEY ARE PLAYING A ROLE OF PLAY TO SPUR ME

AND REMIND OF LUOCHENG+CHENBO'S CLASSMATES' HELP TO ME AND THE "FENG YUE BAO JIAN"+"QI MIN'S TRE-BACK"

AND ZENGJIE MIGHT PLAY A ROLE OF "HELP" BUT INFORM

AND NV1+LIANG ARE UNDER A STORY OF BECOMING TRUE THAT I WAKED UP FROM THESE SETS OF ROLE-PLAY

\

AND IT BASED ON EVERYTHING IS NORMAL BUT SOCIAL-LAYER PROBLEM THAT MY FAMILY HAVE TO MAKE ME "INSANE"

BUT WHY MY FATHER DID NOT SHOW HIS ANGRY?????

\

AND THAT I SEEM TO HAVE NO ABILYTY TO ACT UNDER MY OWN ORDER/MY OWN ATTENTION

WHY THEM DID NOT SET ME ACT BY MY OWN PORPOSE?????

WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF I COME UP TO THE "REAL-WORLD"


\

IT BASED ON THAT,THEY HAVE NO WAY OF CONTROLING

\
BUT THEY HAVE SOMETHING OF "MISTAKES"

(1).MISTAKE 1:_____NV1'S PAY ME ATTENTION "STRATAGY"______BUT THAT DAY NV1 DID NOT FEAR TO BE"GET IN TROUBLE",AND "CHEN XIAO"DIDNOT SHOW MUCH "UN-FEELING"______BUT BASED ON CHEN XIAO'S AND XIEJINGYI'S INFO THAT THE CHEN IS ABOUT GET THE LAW SUEING
(2).MISTAKE 2:_____XIAOCHONGBEIFEI'S DIANZAN HAVE MUCH INTENTION WITH THIS????????????THIS "HE NAN"GIRL'S 



AND IT SEEMS LIKE THAT I HAVE A TRULLY BODY-"INTRIGUE-ABLE" ISSUE

AND THAT I HAVE  A SPECIAL WAY OF GROWING JUST LIKE THE "BENJIEMING"'S FA


AND SOME NEW WIRED THING COMES UP/THAT WHEN I THOUGT OF THE UP THING/

AND THE LIJIANG---DIAOGUIGETUISHI--- ARE JUST"SAO SHI" WHAT "WAN CHU ZI"HAVE ALREADY

AND I HAVE AN UNCOMFORTABLE FEELING OF BRAIN HEAVY-OF-CONTROL

"BRIAN HAVE SOMETHING ON IT"

AND WHAT IS THE REAL THING UPON YOUR HEAD??????????(WHY I WRITE ON YOUR??????)

I REMEMBER OF THE "FANCHU" OR "FANKUI"

AND MY EVERYTHING OF SEEING THE WORLD

THAT IT 


\

IMPORTANT THIS AFTERNOON I TRIED TO PINGZHUHUXI.

AND FEEL SOMEHING OF 


\

AND SOMETHING IS WIERD COMING BACK AGAIN

WHEN I THINK TO THIS LAYER--------ONE GUY SUDDENLY 

SAID SOME "KEY WORD"TO ATTRACK MY ATTENTION,AND SO FEIRCELY.


THAT I FEEL OF "THEY ARE" INTRIGUE ME

NOW IT SEEMS TO APART MY BODY

I REMIND OF XIEJINGYI'S "NAO KE BEI DONG XI ZHAO ZHU LE WU FA SI KAO"

AND IT BECOME THE STYLE OF "I HAVE an sense of implicit"and they come into my world to involk me or to INTRIGUE ME"

SO I HAVE TO TYPE THIS (IT BASED ON THE OUTGOING BASED ON I THOUGHT THEY ARE ACTUALLY)


I AUTOMATICLY BROWSE THE BAIDUMUSIC AND IT BECOME THE EASON CHEN'S "你给我听好"------sync with my thought of 



AND OPEN BAIDU MUSIC BECOME "魔鬼中的天使".------sync with my thought of ONE MIND ROB IN one BODY
                                                                      or some time trigue-in control

IF IT IS REALLY THE way of "精神分裂",then it might be a kind of thought "mechanism"+ a social psycological 


AND NOT TO BE INSANE OR "WHITE-RAT" "DIG OUT OF THE TWO MIND"
SOLUTION 1)DNA TEST 
SOLUTION 2)TO INTRIGUE THEM-MY DARLING OUTSIDE WORLD







WHEN I THINK OF THE SOLUTIONS,AND BASED ON MY HEAD-SURGERY ISSUE

AND CAME BACK TO THE "DIANZIYUELANSHI"BAR.

AND HEARD OF THE"HA MA PI"GUY THAT SEEMS TO SPUR ME OR SOMETHING

AND WHEN I SIT DOWN I HEAR OF THE "HUNDUN"

WHAT AM I WONDERING???OR FEAR OF THEY ARE DOING SOMETHING TO ME????

FEAR OF THEY ARE ROB MY WORLD.

WORLD OF 1____THE "START_UP"+"BEATIFUL MIND" STYLE "LIVING PROSPECTIVE",AND THAT IS MY WORLD 1

THE WORLD 1>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>SEPERATED TO TWO type------steal form me///invoke me


THE WORLD 2>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>THE "IDEALOGIC"+"YIN MOU LUN"+""----------using me TREAT ME LIKE THE THE ARMY PRDUCT///0





suddenly I REMEMBER THE DAY I SHOW UP AND I DECIDE TO COME TO FIND NV1 IS BECAUSE THE 214 FIRE EVENTS AND THE "ZHEN JUN TAI"FIRE THING HAVE INVOKE ME OF  pp

AND THE FEAR OF ME,THE INSANE,MAY BEVAUSE OF THIS????????????????????????????????????

BUT WHY I TRY TO FIND NV1

THE FIRE!!!!!

AND WIRED NEW WHEN I SUDDENLY THINK OF THE FIRE_____________-THE INTERNET BAR _____FIRE UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WITH SOME FIRE FLAVOUR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


AND THE GUY BEHIND ME LOOKS SO WIRED TO ME,I SPEEK TO HIM!!!!!!!!(),EVEN IF I TRY TO THINK THAT WAS I "THOUGHT MUCH MORE"

THAT IS HE STAND FOR THE IMAGE OF "THREATEN" 

BECAUSE WHEN HE COME IN THAT HE JUST STAND FOR A "CONTROL_FORCE_INTRIGUE"IMAGE OF ME.

THAT I WAS THOUGHT OF 




WHY I THINK SOMEONE IS HELPING ME OUT (ESPECIALLY WHEN I WAS SO TIERD) <REGARD OF THE COINCIDENCE>


MY TYPE OF INTRIGUE OF CONTROL MOSTLY ARE WHEN I WAS TIRED TYPING AND TYPING AND SITTING AND SITIIMG

AND ALWAYS TRY TO FINDD SOME SOUND I WANT TO HEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

AND DESCRIBE IT AS THE INTRIGUE 

MY EAR MY EYE'S SEEMS TO PRIOR CATCH THE INFO <FORMAT> THAT COMPETE WITH MY FEELING MY WORLD<SELF-ORGANIZING>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

AND MAYBE SOME ILLUSION MAY COME SUCH AS "SHAO JIAO"?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

THAT IS TOTTALLY PSYCOLOGICAL REACT OR SOME BEHAVIOURS OF SOMETHING

THIS THEORY CAN EXPAIN IN SOMEWAY 

AND WHEN I CONCENTRATED TO LISTEN TO MY OWN HEART ,THE INTRIGUE HAS GONE?

IT IS THEIR VOICE THEIR TYPE OF PRONOUNCATIONS,THAT HAVE THE REACTION IN MY HEART,AND RE-CAUSE MY FEELINGS,AND MY FEELINGS ARE BASED ON THE MEMEORY THE conditional reflex "条件反射"

and that the "条件反射" setted by "early days"

that response me to the outer-envioroment

AND I BROWSE THE "FIRE" PAGE

(2014/4/23)









FROM NEW

(2014/4/24)

WHEN I WAKE UP IN 11 AND GO TO CANTEAN HAVE LUNCH


THE RAIDO THE FUCKING "MAI TIAN ZHI SHEN" PLAY THE "CITY OF THE SKY"

WHEN I COME UP AND RECORD SOME PIECES.

WHEN I PASS BY NEAR A "SOUND SOURCE"

IT PLAYED "ZHE GIRL HAVE POWER THE FAMILY THE ROBBERT BLABLA THE "


and replay me with "好人好报" sound  and some new "REAL-TIME" RESOPNSE-LIKE INTRIGUE SOUNDS------THAT "projection" the sound of some people or some "freined's sound"or the replys to me,that complete the total enviorment of my HEART --------------MY WORLD



IT BECAUSE THAT I 


A WIERD NEW .

WHEN I PUT THE PHOEN DOWN IT REBOOT DESTROY THE RECORD PROGRAM

AND THE KALI-LIVE DESKTOP I USED TO USE SUDDENLY DIESPAIR OF THE "SOUND ICON" SO FUCKING WIREDLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


and when i USED TO OPNE THE BAIDU-MUSIC

THE G-DRAGON' PAGE BUT THIS TIME THE HEAD OF THE MUSIC BECOME "NIGHTMARE"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

YESTERDAY IT WAS "소년이여(少年们)" what the fuck happened !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1


tody's newly wierd thing

1)the gnome sound icon disappear
2)when i install flash,i incorrectly type some words
3)when i add some background,it did not response.

when i liseten to the everywhere's radio

that i feel much more comfortable

that there is no such darkness or something wired or something.


it fills me with peace and happiness everywhere.


AND IT BECOMES YESTERDAYS' 

FROM THE START FROM THE VERY INITION START

THAT I WAS SET TO BE A "IDOL" OF some gourp of the nation


i listen to the "DRAGONFLAY"---"ONLINE RADIOE SERVICE"

AND WHEN I LISTEN TO THE ARGENTINA CHANNEL AND IT PLAYS THE COLDPLAY'S "MAGIC"

I FEEL MUCH MORE COMFORTABLE TAHT EVERYWHERE IS THE SAME.

I FEEL A PEACEFUL WORLD WHICH DIDNOT FULLFILL WITH SO MUCH "DARKNESS AND WIERD THING"


BUT WHEN I WAS "PROSPECTIVE SOME NEW WAY O LIVING"


BUT THAT I CHOOSE TO LISTEN THE "JAPENSES" "AUSTRILLA" OR SOME TYPE OF  NATIONAL CHANNEL


IT FILLS ME WITH TAHT TEH CHANNEL CONFLICT.....IT FILLS ME WITH TAHT THEY ARE GOING TO "INTRIGUE" ME WITH THE "NEW LIFE'.


\
\
WHEN I FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE THAT IT WAS >COMFORT ME "SHAN HOU"JOB
                                      >PUT ME OUT OF MY WORLD
                                      >"INTRIGUE" ME OUT THAT IS THE SAME IDEA TAHT LAST SENTENCE MEANS
				      >


there is a guy sit just behind me that stand for the "GOV" that make me feel with the i was been watching still now,but i have no way to check.


THESE DAYS THE COMFORT ME A LITTLE WAS THAT I WAS UNDER A "条件反射"


WHEN I LISTEN TO FM/DRAGON FLY OF REsonance 

THE "INTRIGUE" OF NEW COME AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


IT IS ABOUT AFRICAN ARGRICULTURE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THAT I USED TO "BIG PICTURED OF MY SELF"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
\
\
\
\
\
\
i was wrong!!!!!!!!!!!
it was not about afghanistan!!!!!!!!!it was african

so i feel much more 

